Hello everyone and welcome to this new lecture in the previous lecture.
We were able to load the data load our libraries.
Let's go ahead and review.
So we were able to import our libraries here.
We're able to import our reviews files as we file.
And we did some kind of quick analysis to take a look at the data.
Take a look at the reviews and so on.
And now let's go ahead and do some data visualization.
All right.
Get more interesting as we move forward.
So if you guys remember first of all what is our data frame so all the information is contained within
our data frame.
The F underscore Alexa shift enter.
This is our all our information.
So first let's maybe see how many positive or maybe group or the positive reviews and all the negative
reviews in two categories.
All right.
So I'm gonna say positive equals two.
I'm going to go into my data frame which is the F underscore Alexa.
Right.
And what I'm going to do I'm going to say OK go to the F underscore Alexa within my feedback column.
If you guys remember I have so many columns right so I had the Rating Rate date variations that if I
the views and feedback.
Right.
So feedback here.
That's the column I'm like you know checking out.
So basically there are either 0 or 1 1 means good review.
Zero means bad review.
So what good are you going to say okay.
If you go into my data frame Alexa within that column that's call it feedback.
If you find that feedback was equals equals to 1 then that means it's positive feedback else.
So we're gonna copy the same thing just put it set that to zero.
I'm gonna say else other than that that means it's a negative one it's a negative review All right that's
it.
Shift enters looks good.
And let's take a look at it.
So here I have positive shift enter.
Here we go.
These are all simply out all positive we use it all feedback equals to 1.
Let's take a look at negative
again.
This is a data frame that has all feedback of zeros.
Let's maybe take a look at some of the reviews here.
People are saying you know it's like Siri.
In fact Siri doesn't you know does and says more accurate.
So some people are complaining here you know sound is terrible.
They are saying obviously these are the good ones.
OK.
We know that there is a lot of good ones which is great the product actually great.
He is saying sound is terrible if you want a good music to get something.
Not much features actually all that information here in here in these bad reviews.
Literally they are gold.
OK.
If you wanted to improve your product you know don't listen to the good reviews good reviews are good.
You know obviously to keep going and maybe improve what you are actually good at but bad reviews are
amazing.
These are literally like gold mines.
If you think about it why.
Because if you know what customers are complaining about you can go back and feed all that information
or all of these kind of new requirements into your future products and actually fix it and maybe make
it 10 times better product stopped working after two hours so it seemed or two weeks it seems like there
is a quality issue here.
Maybe you can see and how can we improve the quality for example of the product.
Sad joke.
What is this.
You know that's I hear these reviews because these reviews doesn't mean anything like you know like
it's you know what we need like we need an actual like knock it down into some specific information.
So this one stop working.
This is a quality issue.
I can link it somehow not much feature.
So people are complaining maybe maybe we need more you know more features.
I don't know what features maybe you can tell us you know what features you need here.
Really disappointing Alexa has to be plug in.
OK.
All right.
It's not great sound and base so it seems like you know yes it's kind of you know smart assistant but
if you want to use it as kind of a player maybe you can go like music player I mean you can maybe go
to let's say beats for example might be better quality or maybe like you know like that is like solos
one for instance might have better quality too.
So it seems like you know maybe Amazon need to like step this up a little bit maybe I'm not super impressed
with Alexa.
OK too difficult to set up.
So maybe try to make the software a little bit easier.
You know it's no longer working up to five months quality issue.
This thing barely works.
A quality issue not working doesn't always respond when spoken.
So maybe improve the A.I. algorithm in there you know like and so on.
All right.
Obviously it would take us forever to go through all these reviews.
I just want to give you an idea of of of like what what can we do with it.
OK.
And that's actually can you apply it to pretty much anywhere you know in your company or wherever you
could do if you can have access to this data.
You don't even even if you go let's say to like whatever glass door for example and maybe look at your
company maybe you can get an idea you know like if you work in the H.R. department for instance you
can get an idea of like what people are saying you know these are kind of again a goldmine.
But the key is how can you actually visualize the data and get information out of it.
So that's a good way of doing it.
The second step is maybe we can count how many positive and how many negative feedback.
All right.
We're going to take it as an S that count plots here will pass along our def on the score Alexa and
what I need to do is I need to count my feedback column right and he I need to specify my label equals
two let's say count enter.
Here we go.
This is simply the count.
So we know that there are three thousand views right here.
There are simply one we need again feedback one that means positive feedback.
We have around almost twenty seven hundred which is great.
Here we have maybe half like you know I don't know 200 or 300 maybe bad reviews which is great.
Obviously the product is has good feedback.
So what I want you guys to do and they are going to be our quick challenge challenge mini challenge
to please go ahead repeat pretty much the same comment do count plot but do it for the reviews instead.
So here's if you go up to the star rating I wanted to see how many ratings were five stars how many
it was two stars and so on.
Please go ahead pause the video and I'll see you guys after the challenge.
All right.
Hope you guys were able to figure out the challenge ask us to do simply to do count plot.
So going to say using Seabourn as well as an S dot count plot and what we could do we could say OK maybe
we can pass along our rating instead.
So we're going to say let's say there's two ways of doing it.
Let's do the first we're going to say OK X equals to our rating OK.
And what we could do going to save our data our source of data is DLF underscored Alexa shift enter.
Here we go.
So what you guys can see here is that we had a lot of five star reviews right.
So there's almost twenty five hundred five star reviews which is great.
Here there's around five hundred four star reviews which is not bad too.
And it seems like there is you know maybe a little bit around two hundred maybe that one sort of view
and so on and not much to star reviews and three star reviews.
All right let's go ahead and maybe plot a histogram of the ratings.
So could you get a sec ADF underscored Alexa to open up our ratings column.
We can apply hist and then pass along how many bends do we need.
So let's say beans equals let's say 10 for example shift enter.
Here we go.
These are the beans obviously 10 doesn't make sense in here because we are categorized based make them
let's say beans a five.
Here we go.
So obviously most of the reviews are five start of use.
That's good.
And that's pretty much consistent with what we have done here when we did count plot.
All right.
Now to them kind of you know one of the best way of visualizing the data we didn't know how many variations
do we have.
So it seems like there are you know like there are charcoal fabric there is like Heather Gray that is
like sand sandstone there's like black.
So we could do we could go ahead and maybe try to see how many variations are there and maybe take a
look at the bar cloth as well to visualize to see how many variations and how many readings do we have.
OK.
So let's see how can we do this first maybe let's go ahead and count the.
The elements are going to say OK we can do that using bold plot so I'm going to say S.A. that bar plots
and what we could do going to take x equals to our variations which is our variations column actions
only end.
All right.
That's on the x axis on the x axis I'm going to show every single variation on the y axis.
I wanted to show the ratings right.
So I want to show the ratings and what we could do here we're going to say pass along our data.
Going to be def underscored Alexa and maybe show the palette which is a color
you guys can pick whatever he'd just selected deep for example.
All right.
Okay just enter OK.
Something is wrong so obviously maybe this is ratings for the ratings.
Again I'm guessing correct good right.
So that's not bad.
But obviously here there was I messed up so what we could do here instead we could just increase the
size of the figures.
I'm going to take a BLT that figure and we could pass along our fig size equals two and maybe set it
let's say two forty and let's say 15 for instance shift enter.
Here we go.
All right looks great.
So what's happening here.
Let's zoom in a little bit so if you guys can see here there are so many variations already that are
charcoal fabric walnut finish.
Heather you know like Gray fabrics sandstone fabric oak finish and so on.
And this is kind of you know that distribution to the mean here of this is around 5 pretty much most
of them has like five star reviews.
Right.
This is kind of the variations like you know it seems like you know maybe this one the White plus you
know maybe like has a little bit more a little bit less and so on but they are pretty much consistent
right.
Nothing has.
And I think it's crazy out of the North but maybe the White one has kind of you know the minimum for
rating right but it's not much difference compared to let's say this one this one is it's like kind
of the highest walnut finish or maybe oak finish.
So people are happy with that.
Here people are not that happy with it but again they are forced out of use that they are not like one
star or something that you can make a dramatic change to the product.
OK.
All right.
And that's pretty much all what I need to do in regards to data visualization.
I hope you guys enjoy this lecture.
Let's recap what we have done so far.
So in this lecture we're able to group first our reviews into positive and negative reviews and maybe
visualize and take a look at couple of these reviews maybe see what the people are saying put quality
you know like or maybe the the the issues here so we can try to improve the product.
Scroll down you will find that these account plots how many were positive and negative.
He had how many would five star reviews how many were forced out of use.
He did showing you the ratings as well the histogram for the ratings he did showing you the variations
and the ratings here and that's pretty much what we have for this lecture I hope you guys enjoyed it.
In the next lecture we're going to do actually like two more steps.
We can do what we called a word cloud.
It's really amazing.
We're going to see which words are kind of the most frequent and try to plot it in a really nice way.
I think we do some data cleaning and some feature feature engineering afterwards and that would conclude
the entire project.
I hope you guys enjoy this lecture and see you in the next one.